c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\ParrallelPrograming(task1).dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\ParrallelPrograming(task1).pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\ClimateDateBase.mdf
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\obj\Debug\AsyncDrawLines_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AsyncDrawLines\AsyncDrawLines\bin\Debug\ClimateDateBase_log.ldf
